Reorganize project ReadMe + Additional supporting documents (#11725)
endless-sky/endless-sky: docs/FAQ.md

### What is a faction lead?
"Faction Lead" is an unofficial term used by the Endless Sky community to refer to someone who is especially knowledgeable about a specific faction. They may have created the faction or made significant contributions to it. It is not an official role and does not come with any additional rights or responsibilities.

### What are author ships?
Author ships are special, unique ships that can spawn in the game. They are typically dedicated to a specific person or team of people who have made significant contributions to the project to recognize their efforts.

### What is tier?
Tiers are a balancing metric used to help our development team compare combat capabilities between ships of different factions. It is a very rough estimate of how combat-capable we expect a specific ship to be relative to other ships. Tier is not a measure of overall technological progress and should not be used as a strict guideline for what a faction can and cannot possess. A list of factions by tier is available in [Story Ideas](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/wiki/StoryIdeas).

> ### What is the difference between stable and unstable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the release schedule for Endless-Sky?
```

Reviewer: When do I get to be an individual new to this project?

I have the very question I have changed this to be -- and I have never, **never** heard that there are stable releases for this project -- I was only aware of continuous.

I *am* however, aware of the concept of release schedules and I would like to know about that concept as it is applied to ES.

Author: I added a separate FAQ going over the release schedule for Endless Sky

### What is Continuous?
Continuous builds are the most up-to-date version of Endless Sky, generated automatically whenever a [PR](#what-is-a-pr) is [merged](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/merging-a-pull-request). Continuous builds always contain the latest changes but may also contain bugs, including serious ones. If you would like to try a Continuous build they are available through [GitHub](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/releases) and [ESLauncher2](https://github.com/EndlessSkyCommunity/ESLauncher2). Continuous builds are _not_ available on Steam or GOG.

### Are there mods for Endless Sky?

> Yes! Typically called plugins, there are many available for Endless Sky. You can find them on the official [plugin list](https://endless-sky.github.io/plugins.html), the #plugin-releases channel on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZeuASSx) or on sites like [moddb](https://www.moddb.com/games/endless-sky/mods). Once downloaded, simply unpack to your Plugins folder located in the Endless Sky directory and enjoy.

Author: I think for the type of person this FAQ targets, that is, someone completely new to this project, it's better to just give them the answer they are most likely looking for, even if that means overlooking nuance.

> ### Are there mods for Endless Sky?
> Yes! Typically called plugins, there are many available for Endless Sky. You can find them on the official [plugin list](https://endless-sky.github.io/plugins.html), the #plugin-releases channel on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZeuASSx) or on sites like [moddb](https://www.moddb.com/games/endless-sky/mods). Once downloaded, simply unpack to your Plugins folder located in the Endless Sky directory and enjoy.

Reviewer 2: We also don't have to unzip plugins now, thanks to #11207.
Something like this should work:
```suggestion
### Are there mods for Endless Sky?
Yes! Typically called plugins, there are many available for Endless Sky. You can find them on the official [plugin list](https://endless-sky.github.io/plugins.html), the #plugin-releases channel on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZeuASSx) or on sites like [moddb](https://www.moddb.com/games/endless-sky/mods). Once downloaded, simply place the file in your `plugins` folder (located in the Endless Sky directory) and enjoy. Optionally, you can unzip it, but this is not required.
A directory of all known Endless Sky plugins can be found at [Hecter94's Plugin Archive](https://github.com/Hecter94/EndlessSky-PluginArchive).
```

> Yes! Typically called plugins, there are many available for Endless Sky. You can find them on the official [plugin list](https://endless-sky.github.io/plugins.html), the #plugin-releases channel on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/ZeuASSx) or on sites like [moddb](https://www.moddb.com/games/endless-sky/mods). Once downloaded, simply unpack to your Plugins folder located in the Endless Sky directory and enjoy.

Reviewer 3: The game only supports .zip archives, so saying that you don't need to unzip plugins is incorrect in some cases.

### Where are save files stored?
Depending on your OS, you will find your save files in one of the following directories:
* Linux: ~/.local/share/endless-sky/saves/
* Windows: C:\Users\yourusername\AppData\Roaming\endless-sky\saves\
* Mac OS X: ~/Library/ApplicationSupport/endless-sky/saves/

### Can I play Endless Sky on mobile?

> Yes, there is an unofficial mobile port of the game available on [FDroid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.github.thewierdnut.endless_mobile/). For futher information see [Endless-Mobile GitHub](https://github.com/thewierdnut/endless-mobile)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes, there is an unofficial mobile port of the game available on [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.github.thewierdnut.endless_mobile/). For futher information see [Endless-Mobile GitHub](https://github.com/thewierdnut/endless-mobile)
```
